adding buoyancy production to nonlinear k-epsilon model Refs #31000 (#31001)
idaholab/moose: modules/navier_stokes/doc/content/source/fvkernels/INSFVTKEDSourceSink.md

- $\kappa = 0.4187$ is the von Kármán constant.

## Buoyancy correction:

The buoyancy correction is activated by providing a temperature functor
[!param](/FVKernels/INSFVTKEDSourceSink/temperature) to the kernel.
With buoyancy correction, the modified production of turbulent kinetic
energy dissipation reads as follows:

\begin{equation}
G_{\epsilon} = C_{1,\epsilon} \frac{\epsilon}{k} (G_k + C_{3,\epsilon} \alpha \frac{\mu_t}{Pr_t} (\nabla T \cdot \vec{g}))\,,
\end{equation}

where:

- $\alpha$ is the volumetric thermal expansion coefficient,
- $Pr_t$ is the turbulent Prandtl number,
- $T$ is the fluid temperature,
- $\vec{g}$ is the acceleration of gravity,

Finally, $C_{3,\epsilon}$ is a closure constant that is modeled as follows:

\begin{equation}
C_{3,\epsilon} = \operatorname{tanh} \left( \frac{|\vec{u}_{par}|}{|\vec{u}_{perp}|} \right)\,.
\end{equation}

where $\vec{u}_{par}$ is the component of the velocity vector parallel to the gravity vector

> and $\vec{u}_{perp}$ is the perpendicular one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and $\vec{u}_{perp}$ is the velocity perpendicular to the gravity vector.
```
